
1.	We don’t have enough money so we have to cut costs and reduce employment where we can
2.	I often buy organic food, although it’s more expensive – I think, it’s much healthier than processed products
3.	Miles Davis is c_n____r__ to be one of the best trumpeters in the music history
4.	He doesn’t know how to t__k__ problems – he gets so nervous in a difficult situation
5.	In a shop next door there is only a limited  range of products, so I drive to a big supermarket once a week
6.	John failed his exam because he hadn’t studied at all
7.	Before going on holidays I needed some US dollars so I checked what was the exchange rate
8.	Don’t argue with me – it’s my final decision and I’m not going to change my mind
9.	Some sports are too risky and dangerous for me, that’s why I’m not going to try scuba-diving or gliding
10.	I passed my driving license test when I was 24, and I bought my car immediately after that
11.	

angażować (i) coś, obejmować coś - involve sth
Awans - promotion
BHP - health and safety
Biurokracja - bureaucracy
budować zaufanie - build trust
dogadywać się dobrze z kimś (phrasal verb) - get on well with sb
dołączyć do firmy - join a company
dyrygować orkiestrą - conduct an orchestra
elastyczny - flexible
Fakturowanie - invoicing
Hierarchia - hierarchy
Innowacyjny - innovative
kierownik (h) marketing - head of marketing
kojarzyć, wiązać (a) - associate
kolega z pracy - colleague
kontrola jakości - quality control
kreatywny - creative
łańcuch dostaw - supply chain
mieć coś wspólnego - have something in common
mieć wpływ (i ) na coś - have impact on sth
natknąć się na problem (phrasal verb) - run into a problem
na lotnisku - at the airport
nieformalny, nieoficialny - informal
niegrzeczny, nieuprzejmy (r ) - rude
nieuprzejmy (i ) - impolite
obowiązki (r ) - responsibilities
opiekować się czymś (l,a) - look after sth
opóźnienie - delay
oświetlenie - lighting
pilny - urgent
płatność - payment
podlegać komuś - report to sb
podobne zainteresowania - similar interests
podobny do - similar to
pracować blisko z - work closely with
pracować na pełen etat - work full time
pracownik szczebla kierowniczego - senior executive
priorytet - priority
prowadzić (l ) zespół - lead a team
próbka - sample
przełożony, kierownik (s) - supervisor
przewidywalny - predictable
przyciągać (a) klientów - attract customers
rekrutacja - recruitment
sceptyczny - sceptical
skupić się na zadaniu - focus on task
skupiony na pracy - work-focused
skuteczny, efektywny - effective
stanowisko, tytuł służbowy (2 words) - job title
stresujący - stressful
upewnić się – make sure
utrzymywać klientów - retain customers
ważność - importance
wydajny (e ) - efficient
wydział - department
wypuszczenie produktu na rynek - product launch
wytwarzanie (m) - manufacturing
wziąć się do pracy (phrasal verb) - get down to work
zadanie (t) – task
zajmować się czymś (t,c) - take care of sth
zarządzać czymś, dowodzić  - be in charge of sth
zapewniać (e ) coś - ensure sth
zasoby ludzkie - human resources
zawierać coś - include sth
zbierać (g) - gather
zcentralizowany - centralised
zdecentralizowany - decentralised
zrobić relację - cover a story
z siedziba w Londynie - based in London
All the tasks are now done by four teams.
Are we going to arrive in time to catch the train?
Are you free for lunch today?
Bob started his company in the 1960s.
I’d like to introduce you to Sam.
I’m actually based in Warsaw at the moment.
I’m in charge of the research and development team.
I’m responsible for coordinating the production team.
I’m sure I can do work under pressure.
I’m the Head of Sales.
I coordinate with all departments to ensure customer satisfaction.
I look after the company website – it’s my responsibility.
I report to the IT Director.
I take care of the export documentation.
I work closely with the Head of Marketing.
Nice to finally meet you in person.
Senior executives are elected by the employees.
Sorry, there was a bit of delay on the underground today.
Sorry to be in a rush like this.
Sorry to rush off so soon.
What questions do you usually ask when you meet someone for the first time?
When you meet a new person, talk to them to find something in common.
flexible – able to change quickly according to a situation (f)
polite – (adj.) behaving in a way that is socially correct (p)
innovative – (adj.) using new methods and ideas (i)
promotion – a move to a more important job in a company (p)
small talk – conversation about things that are not important (s,t)
priority – something that is very important, more important than other things (p)
newsgathering - the activity of researching news items for broadcast (n)
recruitment – the process of finding people to work for a company (r)
hierarchy – the system in which people are arranged depending on their importance (h)
glamorous – very attractive and exciting (g)
ADVANTAGE: There are some good sides of it, but there are also some disadvantages.
APPOINT: I can’t make it tomorrow as I have a dentist’s appointment in the afternoon.
ARRANGE: Should we make some arrangements for Mr Adler’s visit next month?
BUREAUCRAT: Bureaucracy is a complicated official system that has a lot of rules and processes.
CENTRE: We decentralized our operations last year and now we have many regional offices instead of only one.
DEVELOP: There is a big Research and development Department in our company.
EFFECT: The pharmacist said that it was an extremally effective cure for my headache.
EFFICIENCY: We need someone really efficient who can organise the office.
FAR: Further to our conversation, I confirm that we resent your order.
IMMEDIATE: The purpose of the meeting wasn’t immediately obvious.
IMPORTANT: In a hierarchical structure people are divided into levels of importance.
INCLUDE: Our work involves a variety of strategies to promote the business, including events and social media.
INNOVATION: Organisations with tall structures can change and innovate fast.
INNOVATION: We work hard to make our firm as creative and innovative as possible.
PAY: It’s important to make sure the payment come in on time.
PROMOTE: Did Steve get the promotion he wanted?
RECRUIT: He takes care of recruitment in the company.
RUN: Mr Smith is responsible for running the human resources team.
STRESS: I was afraid that working for a new company would be much more stressful.
SUPERVISE: Mr Jones was my supervisor when I worked for SY Company.
ankieta, badanie - survey
Biżuteria - jewellery
być pewnym siebie - be confident
cel (o ) - objective
dalej od domu - further afield
iść/podążąć za pieniędzmi - follow the money
karać - punish
kierować do klientów - target customers
lojalność - loyalty
lokowanie produktu - product placement
luksus - luxury
marka, metka - label
miejsce na wakacje - holiday destination
miłe (ciepłe) powitanie - warm welcome
nagle, z dnia na dzień (o) - overnight
nagłaśniać, reklamować (p) - publicise
na wielka skalę - large-scale
niezwykłe posunięcie - unusual move
nie śpieszyć się - take your time
oblać test na prawo jazdy - fail a driving test
ogłosić - announce
ostrożne podejście(c,a) - cautious approach
o obniżonej wartości - devalued
podkreślić (wyróżnić) (h) ważne informacje - highlight important information
podstawowa działalność - core business
pojawić się, wyłonić (e ) - emerge
Pokolenie - generation
Potwierdzić - confirm
potwierdzić uczestnictwo - confirm attendace
przekąski i napoje - refreshments
przeprosić za coś - apologise for sth
Przerywać - interrupt
przyśpieszać sprawy (r,t) - rush things
rozciągnięcie marki - brand stretching
rozpocząć (l) kampanię - launch a campaign
Rozpoznawalny - recognisable
rozszerzenie, ekspansja - expansion
równomierny process - steady process
rynek docelowy - target market
Rzemiosło - craftmanship
siła robocza - workforce
siła (s) - strength
społeczność chińska - Chinese community
sprzedaż detaliczna - retail sale
stały, spójny - consistent
szybki wzrost - fast growth
Świadomość – awareness
to zabiera czas - it takes time
turystyka wyjazdowa - outbound tourism
zapędzić się (v) (gdzieś) - venture into
wstęp (w jakieś miejsce) - admittance
wziąć czas wolny (w pracy) - take time off
wzrost (g) - growth
zaangażowanie klienta - customer engagement
Zachęcać - encourage
Zapach - fragrance
zapowiedź wystawy preview of the exhibition
zaprosić do zadawania pytań - invite questions
zaspokoić popyt - meet demand
zorganizować wydarzenie - hold an event
Are you working on a project now?
At the beginning of your presentation you should tell how long you will talk for.
Begin your presentation with a warm welcome.
Don’t worry about making mistakes.
Do you know which country is this brand from?
I’d like to invite you to an exhibition at the National Gallery.
If you make a presentation, you can start it with a personal story.
I’m looking forward to seeing you soon!
I haven’t taken any time off work in the last six months.
Logo is a recognisable official sign on a product.
Many thanks for the invitation.
What advice would you give him about how to support the team better?
What kind of products do you associate with luxury brands?
When you prepare you should decide which technique to use at the beginning.
Why don’t you focus on one project only?
Would you spend a lot of money on a luxury car?
You should apologise for your mistake.
In addition to movies, the company also publishes books.
As I said earlier, it’s a very important part of our activities.
At the end of the presentation ask the audience if there are any questions.
soft drink – a cold, usually sweet drink, that does not contain alcohol (s,d)
workforce – a group of people that work in a company or industry (w)
ambassador – a person that represents, speaks for, or advertises a particular organisation, activity or brand (a)
brand stretching – a process of using an existing brand name for products or services that may not seem related (b,s)
brand – a type of product made by a particular company (b)
approach – a way of considering or doing something (a)
awareness – knowledge that something exists (a)
jewellery – objects such as rings and necklaces that people wear as a decoration (j)
luxury – something expensive that is pleasant to have but not necessary (l)
core – the most important central part of something (c)
ABLE: I’m afraid that I will be unable to attend. 
ADMIT: Please remember to bring the invitation with you to gain admittance to the venue.
ATTEND: Please confirm your attendance by Friday 11th.
AWARE: Producers see the Internet as a place to promote brand awareness.
CHINA: Do you like chinese food?
CHOOSE: What choice did I have? None.
CONFIDENCE: Try to be confident of your skills and people will listen to you.
DELIGHT: I am absolutely delighted that you can come.
DESTINY: Popular world destinations for shopping include London, Paris and New York.
DO: Be careful not to overdo do it or you’ll get the opposite effect.
EXPAND: Last year we witnessed a rapid expansion of software industry.
FORTUNATE: Unfortunately, I have already made other arrangement, and I can’t meet you there tomorrow.
FRAGRANT: I could smell the delicate fragrance of roses.
GROW: The government is trying to limit the population growth.
JEWEL: He stole jewellery valued at $50,000.
PLACE: Can you name some brands that use product placement in TV programmes?
PROBLEM: How problematic is it to have people in a team who are very different to each other?
RECOGNISE: Some iconic designs are recognisable around the world.
USUAL: It was a very unusual move, they have never done it before.
WEALTH: Where do wealthy people go to do the shopping?
 
All the best.
Best wishes!
unfortunately, we have already made other arrangements.
Although Mr Smith is unable to attend. John Wilcox will be happy to take his place.
I would be delighted to accept your invitation.
I’d like to invite you to….
I’m Answer to invite you to…
I’m afraid I can’t make it.
I’m sorry but I won’t be able to come.
It would be great if you could come…
Kind regards 
Many thanks for the invitation.
Thanks for inviting me.
We are delighted to invite you to…
We look forward to seeing you.
BHP - health and safety
Biurokracja - bureaucracy
budować zaufanie - build trust
dogadywac się dobrze z kimś (phrasal verb) - get on well with sb
dołączyć do firmy - join a company
dyrygować orkiestrą - conduct an orchestra
elastyczny - flexible
Fakturowanie - invoicing
Hierarchia - hierarchy
Innowacyjny - innovative
kierownik (h) marketing - head of marketing
kojarzyć, wiązać (a) - associate
kolega z pracy - colleague
kontrola jakości - quality control
kreatywny - creative
łańcuch dostaw - supply chain
mieć coś wspólnego - have something in common
mieć wpływ (i ) na coś - have impact on sth
natknąć się na problem (phrasal verb) - run into a problem
na lotnisku - at the airport
nieformalny, nieoficialny - informal
niegrzeczny, nieuprzejmy (r ) - rude
nieuprzejmy (i ) - impolite
obowiązki (r ) - responsibilities
opiekować się czymś (l,a) - look after sth
opóźnienie - delay
oświetlenie - lighting
pilny - urgent
płatność - payment
podlegać komuś - report to sb
podobne zainteresowania - similar interests
podobny do - similar to
pracować blisko z - work closely with
pracować na pełen etat - work full time
pracownik szczebla kierowniczego - senior executive
priorytet - priority
prowadzić (l ) zespół - lead a team
próbka - sample
przełożony, kierownik (s) - supervisor
przewidywalny - predictable
przyciągać (a) klientów - attract customers
rekrutacja - recruitment
sceptyczny - sceptical
skupić się na zadaniu - focus on task
skupiony na pracy - work-focused
skuteczny, efektywny - effective
stanowisko, tytuł służbowy (2 words) - job title
stresujący - stressful
upewnić się – make sure
utrzymywać klientów - retain customers
ważność - importance
wydajny (e ) - efficient
wydział - department
wypuszczenie produktu na rynek - product launch
wytwarzanie (m) - manufacturing
wziąć się do pracy (phrasal verb) - get down to work
zadanie (t) – task
zajmować się czymś (t,c) - take care of sth
zarządzać czymś, dowodzić  - be in charge of sth
zapewniać (e ) coś - ensure sth
zasoby ludzkie - human resources
zawierać coś - include sth
zbierać (g) - gather
zcentralizowany - centralised
zdecentralizowany - decentralised
zrobić relację - cover a story
z siedziba w Londynie - based in London
finance
human resources
marketing
operations
production
sales
brand image
cash flow - przepływ gotówki
customer service
health and safety
invoicing - fakturowanie
manufacturing - produkcja
pricing - cennik
promotion - awans
quality control
recruitment- rekrutacja
supply chain - łańcuch dostaw
departments
stressful
glamorous
interesting
Director of Human Resources
Finance Supervisor - Nadzorca Finansowy
News Editor - Edytor wiadomości
Programme Director
News Reporter
involves
lead
make sure
running
report to
Head of Sales
work closely with
look  after
take care of
responsible for
in charge of
coordinate with(?)
actor
hotel manager
journalist
personal shopper
photographer
sports trainer
bureaucracy
centralised
decentralised
hierarchy
innovative
promotion
staff
CEO
sector
going to be - prediction
has - schedule event
are going to contribute - personal intention
i’m flying - plan
efficient - wydajny
flexible
work-focused
rude
informal
friendly
polite
quiet
open
professional
organised
effective
architecture
fashion
movies
music
toy makers
video games
bad history
base of clients
brands
cautions approach/ cautious approach- ostrożne podejście
core business - główna działalność
devalued
fast growth
further afield
stretching
ultra-luxury
venture into - zapędzać się
awareness - świadomość
brand stretching - rozciąganie marki
customer engagement - zaangażowanie klienta
image
interactive marketing - Marketing interaktywny
logo 
loyalty
product placement - lokowanie produktu
brand: ambassador, image, logo, loyalty, personality
accessories
cars
fashion
jewellery
fragrances
technology
character
employer
CV
jobseeker
internship - praktyka
cliche - oklepane
gain 
be of value to
apply for
sort out
come across well
stand out from
advertised
allow
asset - zaleta
confident 
considered
degree
enclosed - w załączeniu
exceeding - nadzwyczajny
experience -
grateful
vacany
vacancy - Luka w zatrudnieniu
application form - formularz zgłoszeniowy
consulting firm - firma konsultingowa
master’s degree - magister
career success
paid form
job applicant - kandydat do pracy
tie-up - wiązanie
undermined - podważone
upmarket - ekskluzywny
underestimated - niedoceniany
know-how
expose
currency fluctuations - wahania kursów walut
founded
revenue - przychód
preserve - utrzymywać
word of mouth - plotka
highlight  - atrakcja
rethink - przemyśleć ponownie
several factors - kilka czynników
diglithly driven - sumiennie prowadzony
outlet
resume
loan - pożyczka


MEET:
Everything has been prepared. We are meeting tonight.
The company is facing some problems. We are going to meet soon.
ASK:
Stop talking, John. I am asking you a question now.
Mary has already visited Oman. I am going to ask her for some tips about how to travel there.
MOVE:
Richard says he is going to move to Warsaw one day because he wants a better job.
I’ve bought a new flat in Warsaw. I am moving next week.
DO
What are you doing tonight? I’d like to talk to you later.
Andy has lost his keys. What is he going to do?
—--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 



















absolwent - graduate
długość stażu - length of the internship
docenić - appreciate
doprowadzasz mnie do do szału - you drive me crazy
doświadczenie w technologiach - experience in technologies
dotrzeć do sedna - get to the bottom
dowiedzieć się (phrasal verb) - find out
elastyczne godziny pracy - flexible working hours
jeżeli dotyczy - if relevant
klienci kluczowi - key clients
kompetencje twarde - hard skills
komunikatywny - communicative
kończyć z czymś (być skazanym na coś) - end up with sth
krajowy konkurs - national competition
list motywacyjny - covering letter
mieć/ zgłaszać obawy - have concerns
możliwości awansu - opportunities for promotion
niekompetentny - incompetent
niepewność - uncertainty
nieporozumienie, niezgoda - disagreement
nie załapałem tego, nie zrozumiałem - I didn't catch that
nowe wyzwanie - new challege
odezwę się, oddzwonię do ciebie -  I'll get back to you
odrzucić zaproszenie - refuse an invitation
organizować (h) rozmowy o pracę - hold job interviews
osoba, która potrafi pracować w zespole - team player
ostateczny termin - deadline
oszukiwać - cheat
pamiętny dzień - memorable day
podróżować służbowo - travel for work
poprosić o powtórzenie - ask for repetition
poprzedni pracodawca - previous employer
poszukiwania pracy - job search
poukładać, uporządkować (phrasal verb) - sort out
praca ochotnicza/ wolontariat - voluntary work
pracodawca - employer
przedsiębiorca - entrepreneur
przekraczać ustalone założenia - exceed performance targets set
rozmowa o pracę -  job interview
rywalizujący, konkurencyjny -  competitive
silne i mocne strony - strenghts and weaknesses
sprzedawca (1 word) - salesperson
starać się o staż - apply for an internship
szablon, frazes - cliche
tytuł zawodowy - degree
uaktualnić -  update
udokumentowane doświadczenie - proven track record
umiejętności przywódcze - leadership skills
uniwersalne zdolności -  transferable skills
wakat, wolna posada - vacancy
wartościowy - valuable
wielokrotnie, wiele razy -  over and over again
wymaganie, wymóg - requirement
wyróżniać się (phrasal verb) - stand out
zainteresowania -  interests
zarządząć (m) zespołem - manage a team
za pięć lat -  in five years' time
zdolny, sprawny (c ) - capable
zmotywowany - motivated
zwięzły - concise

 
According to the experts, it’s forbidden.
Always ask for repetition if you didn’t understand what somebody said.
Are you passionate about surfing or other water sports?
As a team member I was involved in decision-making.
Don’t lie about the things you can do or you’ll end up with responsibilities you don’t want.
Do you believe it can be of  value in your company?
Do you have a degree in business studies or sport education?
Go online and try to find out more about their past.
Graduates make the same mistakes over and over again.
Have you ever applied for  a job?
Have you ever had to deal with a problem or a difficult situation at work?
Have you ever received advice from  a careers coach?
If you graduate from this school, you can expect an exciting career in sales.
I’ll need to check it and I’ll get  back to you.
I don’t have much experience in  job seeking.
Jobseeker is someone who is looking for a job.
John missed his deadline on  his last project.
Please send you CV to our Head of Recruitment at hr@surf.com.
She disagreed with  her project manager.
What aren’t you good at ?
Why did you have concerns about the project?
At WSB University we also teach online.
 vacancy  – a job that is available for somebody to do (v)
reference – a letter written by somebody who knows you, giving information about your character and abilities, especially to a new employer ®
internship – a period of time during which a student or a new graduate gets practical experience in a job (i)
entrepreneur  – a point in time by which something must be done (d)
degree – a qualification given to a student after he or she has completed his or her studies (d)
previous – happening or existing before something else (p)
weakness -  lack of physical strength or a weak point in somebody’s character (w)
voluntary – (of work) done by people who choose to do it without being paid (v)
update  – to make something more modern or to give somebody the most recent information (u)

APPRECIATION - appreciate
CERTAIN - uncertainty
COMMUNICATION - communicative
COMPETENCE - incompetent
DESCRIBE - description
EMPLOY - employer
ENTREPRISE - entrepreneur
EXPRESS - expressions
FLEXIBILITY - flexible
INTERN - internship
LONG - length
MEMORY - memorable
MOTIVATION -motivated
PASSION - passionate
RECRUIT - recruitment
REFER - references
STRONG - strengths
SUCCESS - successful
TRANSFER - transferable
WEAK - weaknesses
additional / advertised / apply / at / bachelor / degree / enclose / experience / position / references / requested /
dodatkowe / ogłoszone / aplikować / na / licencjat / stopień / załączyć / doświadczenie / stanowisko / referencje / wnioskowane /
był uważany - was considered
członkowie zespołu - team members
fuzja - merger
gotowy posiłek - ready meal
identyfikator - ID badge
kasy samoobsługowe - self-service checkouts
kłócić się (a), argumentować - argue
kompetencje językowe - language competence
konkurencja, rywalizacja - competition
konkurujący, rywalizujący - competing
korzystny, opłacalny - profitable
kurs wymiany - exchange rate
marża - profit margin
myślę, że dam radę - I think I can manage
nabycie, zakup, przejęcie - acquisition
nabyć, zakupić - acquire
nie udać się - failure
obciąć koszty - cut costs
odnieść sukces - succeed
oferta przejęcia - takeover bid
ograniczony wybór produktów -  limited range of products
opóźniony - delayed
ostateczna decyzja - final decision
ostrzeżenie - warning
otyłość - obesity
podatek od osób prawnych/przedsiębiorstw - corporate tax
przegapić możliwość - miss an opportunity
podejmować ryzyka - take risks
polegać na czymś - rely on sth
polityka firmy - company policy
porażka - failure
poruszyć (r ) problem - raise a problem
prawo jazdy - driving licence
przedsiębiorstwo - enterprise
przejęcie - takeover
przemysł spożywczy - food industry
przetworzona żywność - processed food
rozwijać strategie - develop strategies
rynek wschodzący - emerging market
rywal (r ) - rival
ryzykowny - ostrzeżenie
rząd - government
sieć supermarketów - supermarket chain
sprawy zdrowia - health issues
stanąć przed problemem (stawić czoło…) - face a problem
stosować się do rad - follow advice
szkolenie zamknięte (w firmie) - in-company training
uczciwość - honesty
ważny gracz - major player
wyjaśnić, doprecyzować (c ) - clarify
wyjaśnić (m,c) - make clear
wymóg prawny - legal requirement
wymyślić plan (phrasal verb) - come up with a plan
wyniki, rezultaty (w pracy) (p) - performance
wysoka inflacja - high inflation
w niskich cenach - at low prices
zajmowac się (t) problemami - tackle problems
zwyczaje konsumenta - consumer habits
żądać, wymagać - demand
żywność ekologiczna -  organic food
Always show respect for the other person.
A new discount chain arrived in the market last year.
Before you decide, try to find out as much as possible about the condition of the company.
Last month we carried out a survey to learn more about the problems.
Staff number were cut in the stores after the self-service checkouts were introduced.
To pick up on what John said, why don’t we hire more people to help us?
Try not to rely too heavily on one person only.
Try to identify any significant risks to the business before you make any decisions.
What do you and your friends have in common?
What other places might be suitable for our next conference?
WHO warns about rising obesity.
Would you like to study at university or work?
You’ll always need to show your ID badge to get  into the building.
Younger consumers turn to smaller organic brands.
You need to clear your desktop at the end of each working day.
You need to come up with a new plan to overcome the problems.
As a result of pandemic, the way we are all working and learning has changed a lot.
In what ways is the present situation good or bad for business?
survey – an examination of opinions or behaviour made by asking people questions (s)
strategy – a plan or series or plans for achieving an aim, especially success in business (s)
chain – a set of related or connected things (for example supermarkets) (c)
failure – lack of success in doing or achieving something (f)
creativity – the ability to use or produce unusual ideas (c)
merger – the act of joining two or more businesses into one (m)
takeover – the act of taking control of the company by buying most of its shares (t)
profit margin – the difference between the cost of producing something and the price it is sold for
government – the group of people who are responsible for controlling a country (g)
checkout  – the place where you pay for the things that you are buying in a supermarket (c)


 
character
employer
CV
jobseeker
internship
cliche
gain
be of value to
apply for
sort out
come across well
stand out from
communication
communicative
responsible
responsibility
interns
positioning
position
flexible
flexibility
skillful
skills
passion 
passionate
recruitment
recruiter
interview
interviewer
describe
important
mean
rushed
say
advertised
allow
asset
confident
considered
degree
enclosed
exceeding
experience
grateful
vacancy
famous food brands
food prices
health issues
organic food
ready meals
supermarket chains
emerging
major
product
profit
takeover
bid
lines
margin
markets
player
develop
tackle
take
miss
opportunities
strategies
problems
risks
come up with
solve
costs
profit
acquire
develop
developing
competition
competing
expansion
expansive
expanded
failure
failing
grow
growing
innovate
merger
perform
profitable
risk
succeed
takeover
 


Can you call me back? I'd like to know if 
When was the last time you sold something? Could you tell me about a time
Are you busy? I'd like to know if 
Have you ever been to Greece? I'd like to know if 
What do you like about travelling? Can you tell me
Where does she work? I'd like to know
Do you often make presentations? Could you tell me if
What is your biggest weakness?
Can you tell me 
Who was your last boss? I'd like to know
When did you buy it? Could you tell me
